### PNGLib by Vurv in E2, made off of https://github.com/wyozi/lua-pngencoder/

## How to use (Version 1.2):
```golo
P = createPNG(2,2,"rgb") # Third argument is optional
P:writeVectorFast(vec(255,0,0))
P:writeRGB(28.238,0,252.23)
P:writeVector(vec(248.92428,0,255))
P:writeRGBFast(255,255,255)
print(P:done())
P:export("test.txt") # Will put the image in data/e2files/test.txt rename it to test.png to see the png!
```
## Autogenerated documentation

## Docs Created with e2tinytokenizer
More @https://github.com/Vurv78/expression2-public-e2s

## Functions that return **function**


## Functions that return **number**

### number = table:done()
 Returns whether all of the pixels of the png have been filled.

## Functions that return **table**

### table = table:output()
 Returns the output table of the png. Concatenate this with an empty string to get the actual string output.
### table = createPNG(Width,Height)
 Create a default RGB Image. Acts like createPNG(Width,Height,"rgb")

## Functions that return **void**

### void = table:writeVector4Fast(V:vector4)
 Write RGBA Pixel with a vector4 fast (Doesn't round for you, can lead to image corruption if given decimals!) (Make sure your png is rgba mode or it won't work)
### void = table:write(Pixels:table)
 Manual mode to write to a png image, I wouldn't use this if I were you.
### void = table:adler32(Data:table , Index, Len)
 Internal function used by the image library. Do not use this!
### void = table:writeBytes(Data:table)
 Internal function used by the image library. Do not use this!
### void = table:crc32(Data:table, Index, Len)
 Internal function used by the image library. Do not use this!
### void = table:writeRGB(R,G,B)
 Write RGB Pixel (Make sure your png is rgb mode or it won't work)
### void = table:export(FilePath:string)
 Exports the png data to a filepath given (FilePath)
### void = table:writeVectorFast(V:vector)
 Write RGB Vector Fast (Doesn't round for you, can lead to image corruption if given decimals!) (Make sure your png is rgb mode or it won't work)
### void = table:writeVector4(V:vector4)
 Write RGBA Pixel with a vector4 (Make sure your png is rgba mode or it won't work)
### void = table:writeRGBAFast(R,G,B,A)
 Write RGBA Pixel Fast (Doesn't round for you, can lead to image corruption if given decimals!) (Make sure your png is rgba mode or it won't work)
### void = table:writeVector(V:vector)
 Write RGB Vector (Make sure your png is rgba mode or it won't work)
### void = table:writeRGBA(R,G,B,A)
 Write RGBA Pixel (Make sure your png is rgba mode or it won't work)
### void = table:writeRGBFast(R,G,B)
 Write RGB Pixel Fast (Make sure your png is rgb mode or it won't work)
### void = putBigUint32(Val,Tbl:table,Index)
 Internal function used by the image library. Do not use this!



## Changelogs:

## Version 1.2 -- RGBA Images
```golo
# Added createPNG(ResX,ResY,ColorType) (ColorType can be "rgb" or "rgba"), it is optional however.
# Added writeVector4(Vector4RGB)
# Added writeVector4Fast(Vector4RGB)
# Added writeRGBA(R,G,B,A)
# Added writeRGBAFast(R,G,B,A)
# Changed Updated some functions to be more efficient in rounding by using lua methods (writeVector)
```

## Version 1.1 -- Bug Fixes + writeRGB
```golo
# Changed Renamed writePixel to writeVector
# Added writeVectorFast(VectorRGB)
# Added writeRGB(R,G,B)
# Added writeRGBFast(R,G,B)
# Changed Updated writePixel/Vector to round numbers given as not to break the image
# Added Png:export(FilePath)
# Added Png:output()
```

NOTE:
Only use writeVectorFast/writeRGBFast if you know your digits are rounded so they won't break the image.

## Version 1.0
Created the library.
